[rum] script error (#10701)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/collecting_browser_errors.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Troubleshooting

> ### Fix "Script error."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixing script errors
```

Author: "Script error." is a well-known JavaScript error. See this [blog article](https://blog.sentry.io/2016/05/17/what-is-script-error) for instance. Can we agree on `Fixing "Script error."`?

Reviewer: Yes, `Fixing "Script error." is fine with me.

> {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/browser/script-error.png" alt="Real User Monitoring script error example" style="width:75%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/browser/script-error.png" alt="Real User Monitoring script error example" style="width:75%;" >}}
```

> For security reasons, browsers hide details from errors triggered by cross-origin scripts ([see CORS][6] for more information). Some of the reasons why you are seeing this error are:

Reviewer 2: For more information, [MDN explanation about the topic](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/GlobalEventHandlers/onerror#notes) could be better than redirecting to CORS doc

> For security reasons, browsers hide details from errors triggered by cross-origin scripts ([see CORS][6] for more information). Some of the reasons why you are seeing this error are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, browsers hide details from errors triggered by cross-origin scripts. When this happens, the Error Details tab shows:
```
Error:
Script error.
```
For more information about cross-origin scripts and why details are hidden, see [CORS][6] and [this Note on Global Event Handlers][7]. Some possible reasons for this error include:
```

> - Your JavaScript files are hosted on a different hostname (for instance, `example.com` includes assets from `static.example.com`)
> - Your website includes JavaScript libraries hosted on a CDN
> - Your website includes 3rd-party JavaScript libraries hosted on the provider's servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your JavaScript files are hosted on a different hostname (for instance, `example.com` includes assets from `static.example.com`).
- Your website includes JavaScript libraries hosted on a CDN.
- Your website includes third-party JavaScript libraries hosted on the provider's servers.
```

Get visibility into cross-origin scripts by following these two steps:

> 1. Call JavaScript libraries with `crossorigin="anonymous"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Call JavaScript libraries with `crossorigin="anonymous"`.
```

> With `crossorigin="anonymous"`, the request to fetch the script is performed securely: no sensitive data is forwarded via cookies or HTTP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With `crossorigin="anonymous"`, the request to fetch the script is performed securely. No sensitive data is forwarded via cookies or HTTP authentication.
```

> 2. Configure the **Access-Control-Allow-Origin** HTTP header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` HTTP header.
```

> The most common value for this header is `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`. With this configuration, all origins can fetch the resource.
> Alternatively, you may want to restrict which origins can access your resources. For instance: `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: www.example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The most common value for this header is `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`, which allows all origins to fetch the resource. Instead, restrict which origins can access your resources by setting, for example `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: www.example.com`.
```

[3]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration/
[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error
[5]: /real_user_monitoring/error_tracking

> [6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS
[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/GlobalEventHandlers/onerror#notes

```
